Resources.md, before:

---
title: 'Resources'
---
# Resources

## What is this?

Every now and then, I find something interesting that I want to share.

## Web and Application Development

### Software

- [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/) -- This has been my go-to code editor for the past 10yrs.  I am sticking with v3 for a little while.
- [Navicat](https://navicat.com/en) -- This has been my go-to database client for the past few years. It is just kind of expensive
- [TablePlus](https://tableplus.com/) -- Great budget alternative to [Navicat](https://navicat.com/en)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/) -- Good alternative to [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) or [Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/8.x/valet)
- [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) -- API client that is pretty good when building out your back-end
- [MacDown](https://macdown.uranusjr.com/) -- My go-to markdown editor
- [Duet](https://www.duetdisplay.com/) -- How I use my iPad as a second monitor for work (Yes, I know that [Sidecar](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210380) exists)
- [iTerm2](https://iterm2.com/) -- A really good upgrade from the native macOS terminal
- [CSV to JSON / JSON to CSV Converter](https://apps.apple.com/ma/app/csv-json-two-way-converter/id1608602049) -- Worth the $4 if you need to convert a large JSON file to CSV
- [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev/) -- The spiritual successor to VuePress

#### AI / ML Software

- [MacGPT](https://www.macgpt.com/) -- A graphical ChatGPT client for the mac
- [Ollamac](https://github.com/kevinhermawan/Ollamac) -- A graphical Ollama client for the mac
- [MindMac](https://mindmac.app/) -- I think that this is a better alternative to [Ollamac](https://github.com/kevinhermawan/Ollamac) and [MacGPT](https://www.macgpt.com/). It is a graphical interface for both Ollama and ChatGPT. It can also do image generation using things like Dall-E.
- [Ollama Web UI](https://github.com/ollama-webui/ollama-webui) -- A ChatGPT-Style Web Interface for Ollama that runs locally in [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/)
- [Ollama](https://ollama.ai/) -- A good way of running LLMs locally on your mac
- [Liner](https://liner.ai/) -- A free tool that lets you train your ML models
- <s>[Noiselith](https://noiselith.com/) -- A good way of running Stable Diffusion XL locally on your Mac </s> (It sounds like they shut down support)
- [DiffusionBee](https://diffusionbee.com/) -- An easy way to generate AI art on your computer with Stable Diffusion

### Hardware

- [Macbook Pro](https://www.apple.com/macbook-pro/) -- It is what I use for both my job and my side work. For LLM work, get at least an M1Pro and 32gb of RAM. You will thank me later.
- [Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic Mouse](https://smile.amazon.com/Microsoft-Sculpt-Ergonomic-Mouse-L6V-00001/dp/B00D68ZVY8) -- Ergonomics is super important in this field

### Services

- [Render](https://render.com/) -- How I host a lot of my stuff
- [Heroku](https://heroku.com/)
- [Github](https://github.com/) -- I know that a lot of people like Gitlab but there are more people on Github
- [Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com/) -- A freemium reverse proxy service that does a lot to protect your websites
- [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com) -- Good for connecting services like twitter, RSS feeds, wordpress, etc together
- [Pipedream](https://pipedream.com/) -- It is kind of better than IFTTT
- [Jetpack](https://jetpack.com/) -- Running [wordpress](https://wordpress.com/)?  You would be stupid to not use this.

### Testing

- [Saucelabs](https://saucelabs.com/) -- Allows you to test against a lot of browsers / operating systems through your browser
- [BrowserStack](https://www.browserstack.com/) -- This is very similar to [Saucelabs](https://saucelabs.com/) and also allows you to test live or with something like selenium
- [Mailtrap](https://mailtrap.io/) -- Great for testing how emails go out, in your development environment
- [Section 508 Testing Methods](https://www.section508.gov/test/testing-overview/) -- This is the official guidance from the general services administration on section 508 automated, manual, and hybrid testing practices
- [ANDI (Accessible Name & Description Inspector)](https://www.ssa.gov/accessibility/andi/help/install.html) -- A free accessibility testing tool that was developed by the Social Security Administration
- [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/)

### Learning Resources

- [MilwaukeeJS](https://www.meetup.com/milwaukeejs/)
- [That Conference
](https://www.thatconference.com)
- [Hack and Tell](https://hackandtell.rocks/)
- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)
- [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com/) -- A great resource if you are a [lavavel](https://laravel.com/) developer
- [Pluralsight](https://pluralsight.com/)
- [Oh Shit, Git!?!](https://ohshitgit.com/)
- [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/) -- Good for figuring out what's happening in the industry

### Icons

- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) -- Get the pro service. It is worth it.
- [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- [Avataaars Generator](https://getavataaars.com/) -- A web tool to generate avatars
- [700+ Open-source CSS Icons](https://css.gg/)

### Fonts

- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

### Photos

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) -- A good colection of free stock photos
- [Coverr](https://coverr.co/) -- A good colection of free stock video

### CSS Resources

- [Animista](https://animista.net/)

### Productivity

- [Coffitivity](https://coffitivity.com/)
- [Duet](https://www.duetdisplay.com/) -- I use this daily during quarantine from home
- [Yorkshire Red](https://smile.amazon.com/Taylors-Harrogate-Yorkshire-Red-Teabags/dp/B00VLSXDLS/) -- I think that I prefer it over Yorkshire Gold

### Random Useful Projects

- [CORS Anywhere](https://github.com/Rob--W/cors-anywhere) -- It acts as a reverse proxy and adds CORS headers to the proxied request

## Random Interests

### Hardware

- [Pinebook Pro](https://www.pine64.org/pinebook-pro/) -- I have the non-pro version of this
- [Pinephone](https://www.pine64.org/pinephone/) -- I've been super tempted by this thing.

### Services

- [Google Fi](https://g.co/fi/r/2PCAEE) -- It's great because you can get 10 free data sims

### Learning Resources

- [ACI Learning [ITPRO]](https://itpro.tv/) -- I bought a year of this during a black friday sale, a while back.  It's nice.

### Travel Hacking

- [Scott's Cheap Flights](http://fbuy.me/oxV_K) -- Tell them where you want to travel from and to and they will shoot you an email when there is a cheap price on airfare
- [FareDrop](https://faredrop.com/?r=258&freebie=Joe) -- Very similar to [Scott's](http://fbuy.me/oxV_K), above
- [Skyscanner](https://www.skyscanner.com/) -- Skyscanner is a search engine for airfare instead of a notification service.  It lets you browse destinations and dates to find the best price.
- [Momondo](https://www.momondo.com/) -- Very similar to [Skyscanner](https://www.skyscanner.com/)

Commit message:

I updated the resources section to add Pinokio

Resources.md, after:

---
title: 'Resources'
---
# Resources

## What is this?

Every now and then, I find something interesting that I want to share.

## Web and Application Development

### Software

- [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/) -- This has been my go-to code editor for the past 10yrs.  I am sticking with v3 for a little while.
- [Navicat](https://navicat.com/en) -- This has been my go-to database client for the past few years. It is just kind of expensive
- [TablePlus](https://tableplus.com/) -- Great budget alternative to [Navicat](https://navicat.com/en)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/) -- Good alternative to [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) or [Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/8.x/valet)
- [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) -- API client that is pretty good when building out your back-end
- [MacDown](https://macdown.uranusjr.com/) -- My go-to markdown editor
- [Duet](https://www.duetdisplay.com/) -- How I use my iPad as a second monitor for work (Yes, I know that [Sidecar](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210380) exists)
- [iTerm2](https://iterm2.com/) -- A really good upgrade from the native macOS terminal
- [CSV to JSON / JSON to CSV Converter](https://apps.apple.com/ma/app/csv-json-two-way-converter/id1608602049) -- Worth the $4 if you need to convert a large JSON file to CSV
- [VitePress](https://vitepress.dev/) -- The spiritual successor to VuePress

#### AI / ML Software

- [MacGPT](https://www.macgpt.com/) -- A graphical ChatGPT client for the mac
- [Ollamac](https://github.com/kevinhermawan/Ollamac) -- A graphical Ollama client for the mac
- [MindMac](https://mindmac.app/) -- I think that this is a better alternative to [Ollamac](https://github.com/kevinhermawan/Ollamac) and [MacGPT](https://www.macgpt.com/). It is a graphical interface for both Ollama and ChatGPT. It can also do image generation using things like Dall-E.
- [Ollama Web UI](https://github.com/ollama-webui/ollama-webui) -- A ChatGPT-Style Web Interface for Ollama that runs locally in [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/)
- [Ollama](https://ollama.ai/) -- A good way of running LLMs locally on your mac
- [Liner](https://liner.ai/) -- A free tool that lets you train your ML models
- [Pinokio](https://pinokio.computer/) -- You can use this to run things like ComfyUI and Stable Cascade locally

### Hardware

- [Macbook Pro](https://www.apple.com/macbook-pro/) -- It is what I use for both my job and my side work. For LLM work, get at least an M1Pro and 32gb of RAM. You will thank me later.
- [Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic Mouse](https://smile.amazon.com/Microsoft-Sculpt-Ergonomic-Mouse-L6V-00001/dp/B00D68ZVY8) -- Ergonomics is super important in this field

### Services

- [Render](https://render.com/) -- How I host a lot of my stuff
- [Heroku](https://heroku.com/)
- [Github](https://github.com/) -- I know that a lot of people like Gitlab but there are more people on Github
- [Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com/) -- A freemium reverse proxy service that does a lot to protect your websites
- [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com) -- Good for connecting services like twitter, RSS feeds, wordpress, etc together
- [Pipedream](https://pipedream.com/) -- It is kind of better than IFTTT
- [Jetpack](https://jetpack.com/) -- Running [wordpress](https://wordpress.com/)?  You would be stupid to not use this.

### Testing

- [Saucelabs](https://saucelabs.com/) -- Allows you to test against a lot of browsers / operating systems through your browser
- [BrowserStack](https://www.browserstack.com/) -- This is very similar to [Saucelabs](https://saucelabs.com/) and also allows you to test live or with something like selenium
- [Mailtrap](https://mailtrap.io/) -- Great for testing how emails go out, in your development environment
- [Section 508 Testing Methods](https://www.section508.gov/test/testing-overview/) -- This is the official guidance from the general services administration on section 508 automated, manual, and hybrid testing practices
- [ANDI (Accessible Name & Description Inspector)](https://www.ssa.gov/accessibility/andi/help/install.html) -- A free accessibility testing tool that was developed by the Social Security Administration
- [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/)

### Learning Resources

- [MilwaukeeJS](https://www.meetup.com/milwaukeejs/)
- [That Conference
](https://www.thatconference.com)
- [Hack and Tell](https://hackandtell.rocks/)
- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)
- [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com/) -- A great resource if you are a [lavavel](https://laravel.com/) developer
- [Pluralsight](https://pluralsight.com/)
- [Oh Shit, Git!?!](https://ohshitgit.com/)
- [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/) -- Good for figuring out what's happening in the industry

### Icons

- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) -- Get the pro service. It is worth it.
- [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- [Avataaars Generator](https://getavataaars.com/) -- A web tool to generate avatars
- [700+ Open-source CSS Icons](https://css.gg/)

### Fonts

- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

### Photos

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) -- A good colection of free stock photos
- [Coverr](https://coverr.co/) -- A good colection of free stock video

### CSS Resources

- [Animista](https://animista.net/)

### Productivity

- [Coffitivity](https://coffitivity.com/)
- [Duet](https://www.duetdisplay.com/) -- I use this daily during quarantine from home
- [Yorkshire Red](https://smile.amazon.com/Taylors-Harrogate-Yorkshire-Red-Teabags/dp/B00VLSXDLS/) -- I think that I prefer it over Yorkshire Gold

### Random Useful Projects

- [CORS Anywhere](https://github.com/Rob--W/cors-anywhere) -- It acts as a reverse proxy and adds CORS headers to the proxied request

## Random Interests

### Hardware

- [Pinebook Pro](https://www.pine64.org/pinebook-pro/) -- I have the non-pro version of this
- [Pinephone](https://www.pine64.org/pinephone/) -- I've been super tempted by this thing.

### Services

- [Google Fi](https://g.co/fi/r/2PCAEE) -- It's great because you can get 10 free data sims

### Learning Resources

- [ACI Learning [ITPRO]](https://itpro.tv/) -- I bought a year of this during a black friday sale, a while back.  It's nice.

### Travel Hacking

- [Scott's Cheap Flights](http://fbuy.me/oxV_K) -- Tell them where you want to travel from and to and they will shoot you an email when there is a cheap price on airfare
- [FareDrop](https://faredrop.com/?r=258&freebie=Joe) -- Very similar to [Scott's](http://fbuy.me/oxV_K), above
- [Skyscanner](https://www.skyscanner.com/) -- Skyscanner is a search engine for airfare instead of a notification service.  It lets you browse destinations and dates to find the best price.
- [Momondo](https://www.momondo.com/) -- Very similar to [Skyscanner](https://www.skyscanner.com/)
